SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 21 (#11353)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tutorials/debugging-with-visual-studio.md

1. Program execution stops when it reaches the breakpoint and before the `Console.WriteLine` method executes. The **Autos** window displays the values of variables that are used around the current line. The **Locals** window (which you can view by clicking the **Locals** tab) displays the values of variables that are defined in the currently executing method.

>    ![Screenshot that shows an example of a breakpoint.](./media/debugging-with-visual-studio/breakpoint-console-window.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ![Screenshot of a breakpoint in Visual Studio.](./media/debugging-with-visual-studio/breakpoint-console-window.png)
```
